{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 SHOPIFY APPLICATION\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 QUESTION 1
\f0\b \
a. Think about what could be going wrong with our calculation. Think about a better way to evaluate this data.\'a0
\f1\b0 \
\
The first identifiable problem with the average order value (AOV) calculation seems to be caused by fraudulent transactions that are included in the $3145.13 average. \
\
Initially filtering the \'93order_amount\'94 field in descending order revealed 17 orders worth $704,000 each. All 17 orders were for 2000 pairs of sneakers, made by the same customer, at the same store, and in no obvious pattern that points to this store being a supplier for another business. Also, each order was at exactly 4:00 AM; some days, there were simultaneous orders at 4:00 AM by this customer. Although the orders are payed by credit card, these transactions seem very sketchy and should not be included in the AOV calculation.\
\
To improve the evaluation of the dataset, omit the sneaker orders from shop_id 42 due to potential fraudulent transactions, and shop_id 78 as their shoe price appears to be an outlier. Shop 78\'92s individual shoe price is $25,725. Although uncommon, there does not appear to be any indication of fraudulent activity since the 46 orders from that store were purchased by different customers, of different quantities, using different payment methods. Therefore, these orders should be categorized as a luxury sneaker and omitted from the AOV of the remaining \'93relatively affordable\'94 sneakers.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 b. What metric would you report for this dataset?
\f1\b0 \
\
Measuring the median order value of the dataset would provide an accurate estimate of the average order value because the median is not significantly affected by outliers. Especially since the order data from shop_id 42 and shop_id 78 consist of large order values that skew the AOV analysis.\uc0\u8232 \

\f0\b c. What is its value?
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 \
The median order value of the dataset is $284.
\f0\b \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 QUESTION 2\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 a. 
\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How many orders were shipped by Speedy Express in total?
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\
SELECT COUNT(*) AS 'Orders Shipped by Speedy Express' FROM Orders \
WHERE ShipperID IN\
(SELECT ShipperID FROM Shippers WHERE ShipperName = 'Speedy Express');\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
Result:\
Number of Records: 1\
\'91Orders Shipped by Speedy Express\'92\
54\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 b. 
\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What is the last name of the employee with the most orders?
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 SELECT LastName AS 'Surname of Employee with the Most Orders' FROM Employees WHERE EmployeeID IN\
(SELECT TOP 1 EmployeeID\
FROM Orders\
GROUP BY EmployeeID\
ORDER BY COUNT(EmployeeID) DESC);\
\
\
Result:\
Number of Records: 1\
\'91Surname of Employe with the Most Orders\'92\
Peacock\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 c. 
\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What product was ordered the most by customers in Germany?
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 SELECT ProductName AS 'Most Ordered Product in Germany' FROM Products WHERE ProductID IN\
(SELECT TOP 1 ProductID FROM OrderDetails WHERE OrderID IN\
(SELECT OrderID FROM Orders WHERE CustomerID IN\
(SELECT CustomerID FROM Customers WHERE Country = 'Germany'))\
GROUP BY ProductID\
ORDER BY SUM(Quantity) DESC);\
\
\
Result:\
Number of Records: 1\
\'91Most Ordered Product in Germany\'92\
Boston Crab Meat\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
}